Software testing and its types:

Software testing is process of verification and validation of software application whether it is free bugs, whether it needs all requirements as specified in design and coding, whether all user requirements efficiently and effectively

Verification is process checking whether there are any bugs or not and rest comes under Validation

What do you mean by test case and how many testcases are used to test software?
Testcase is data, set of steps, pre and post conditions together to check certain functionality in soft ware application. 
There are 2 types of testcases:
1) General Testcase
2) Boundary value testcase: It verifies exceptions. It is also called as Edge testcase.

What is software testing life cycle(STLC) and phases & activities in it?
It is collection of following:
1) Requirements analysis: 
	In this phase, we analyse Functional requirements and identify testcases. During identification of testcases we can find missing and incomplete requirements. if we identify missing and incomplete requirements, then requirements analysis must be preformed again.
2) Designing testcases:
	Here we design testcase with complete detail.
3) Test Planning:
	Here we create plan or strategy to execute testcases.
4) Testcase development:
	Here we develop script to execute testing.
5)Test environment setup:
	Here we identify environment for testing manual, automation or both.
6)Test execution:
	Here  he actually run the procedure.
7)Test closure:
	Here we document the testing process.

What is Forward engineering, Reverse engineering and Re-engineering?
Forward engineering:
	When you have design, we generate code from it.
Reverse engineering:
	Generate design diagram from code.
Re-Engineering:
	It means reverse engineering then forward engineering from scratch with additional requirements.
It is used for modifying legacy software.

Types of Software testing:
There are 2 types:
1) Manual testing: In it, There are 3 types: a)BlackBox b)WhiteBox c)GreyBox testing
WhiteBox: Tester test functionality of program according to user specifications. This done by accessing source code.
BlackBox: In this, Tester test functionality of program but does not have access to source code. In both cases tester need not have knowledge of implementation.
GreyBox: In this, Tester tests functionalities of program with source code and knowing knowledge of implementation.

BlackBox is again divided into Functional and Non functional testing


Software process is set of several activities to develop (design and implement) and maintaining software product. Activities in software process include communication to maintenance of the product.
The following are various activities generally we use in software process(software development process):
1) Communication:
	In this we receive the problem statement first briefly and then in detail.

2) Requirements gathering:
It has following:
a) Requirements collection
b) Requirements 

3) Feasibility study
4) System analysis and project planning
5) Software design
6) Coding
7) Testing
8) Integration
9) Implementation
10) Operation and Maintenance 

The following are different process models exits to develop software products right from the evaluation of software engineering.
1) Waterfall Model
2) Incremental Model
3) Prototype Model
4) RAD Model(prototype + incremental)
5) Spiral model
6) Unified Process model
7) Component based Model
8) Agile model
9) V-model

What is software crisis and why software is designed to overcome crisis?

Software can't be manufacture but it is developed as it is intangible(logical) product as it does not have appearence, shape and odour.
it does not get worn-out
It is continuous and custom built

what are Software categories?
1) System Software 
2) Application Software
3) Web Software
4) Business Software
5) Gaming Software
6) Robotics Software
7) Networking Software
8) Artificial intelligence Software

Based on Copyright:
1) Commercial Software
2) Shareware Software
3) Freeware Software
4) Public Domain Software

Error can be caught during completion and execution like syntactical or semantical error.
Bug can be caught in testing like the incorrect logic so that we get wrong output for given input

What do you mean by data dictionary in software engineering (Software design)?
The concept of data dictionary is a central repository in software engineering in which we place set of files that includes one index file and several files contains requirement documentation, design diagrams, algorithm source code file and their ownership details.

What do you mean by CASE(Computer Aided Software Engineering) tools in Software engineering?
Refer internet

How to find size of software product?
By using 3 important elements we can find size of software product:
1) No.of function points
2) No.of entities
Above 2 are used to find LOC(Lines of code)
